                                                            "Robert Lupu"



-Capitolul I. Introducere-

Unified Modeling Language            (UML) is a graphical language for visualizing, specifying, constructing, and
documenting the artifacts of a software  - intensive system.
It offers a standard way   to write a system’s blueprints,  including conceptual things such as business processes and system functions as well as concrete
things such as programming language statements,   database schemas, and reusable software components. "Robert Lupu"



                                                      1

-Capitolul II. Use case-

A use case is a set of scenarios that describing an interaction between a user and a system.   A use
case diagram displays the relationship among actors and use cases.  The two main components of a use case diagram are use cases and actors.
An actor is represents a user or  another system that will interact with the system you are modeling.
A use case is an external view of           the system that   represents some action the user might perform in order to complete a task.



                                                       2



-Capitolul III. Alt nume de capitol-

This example shows the customer as a actor
because the customer is using the ordering
system.   The diagram takes the simple steps
listed above and shows them as actions the
customer might perform.   The salesperson could also be included in this use case diagram
because the salesperson is also inte
racting with the ordering system.
From this simple diagram               the requiremen
ts of the ordering system can easily be
derived.   The system will need to be able to
perform actions for all of the use cases
listed.   As the project progresses other us
e cases might appear.   The customer might have
a need to add an item to an order that has already been placed.   This diagram can easily be
expanded until a complete description of the orde
ring system is              derived capturing all of the
requirements that the system will need to perform.



                                                    3



-Capitolul IV. Class Diagrams-
Class diagrams are widely used to describe t
he types of objects in a system and their
relationships.   Class diagrams model class st
ructure and contents using design elements such as
classes, packages and objects.






Class diagrams describe three different perspectives when
designing a system,         conceptual, specification, and implementation.
These perspectives become
evident as the diagram is created and help solidify the design.   This example is only meant as an
introduction to the UML and class diagrams.
If you would like to learn more see the
Resources page for more detailed resources on UML.
Classes are composed of three things: a name, attributes, and operations.



                                                            4

                                                    "Robert Lupu"

-Capitolul V. Incercare Diacritice
Nu toate simbolurile care însoțesc literele sunt semne diacritice. De exemplu, în multe limbi, punctul din literele minuscule i și j face parte din corpul literei.
Uneori un simbol atașat unei litere se poate considera semn diacritic într-o limbă și parte a literei în alta.Tinerețea lui Creangă este bine cunoscută publicului larg
prin prisma operei sale capitale Amintiri din copilărie. În 1847 începe școala de pe lângă biserica din satul natal.
Fiu de țăran, este pregătit mai întâi de dascălul din sat, după care mama sa îl încredințează bunicului matern ("tatăl mamei, bunicu-meu David Creangă din Pipirig"),
David Creangă, care-l duce pe valea Bistriței, la Broșteni, unde continuă școala.[6] În 1853 este înscris la Școala Domnească de la Târgu Neamț sub numele Ștefănescu Ion,
unde îl are ca profesor pe părintele Isaia Teodorescu (Popa Duhu). După dorința mamei, care voia să-l facă preot, este înscris la Școala catihetică din Fălticeni
("fabrica de popi"). Aici apare sub numele de Ion Creangă, nume pe care l-a păstrat tot restul vieții. După desființarea școlii din Fălticeni, este silit să plece la Iași,
absolvind cursul inferior al Seminarului teologic "Veniamin Costachi" de la Socola



                                                            5
                                                       "Robert Lupu"



