<nume autor eliminat>
<nume capitol eliminat
Unified Modeling Language  (UML) is a graphical language for visualizing, specifying, constructing, and
documenting the artifacts of a software - intensive system.
It offers a standard way to write a system’s blueprints, including conceptual things such as business processes and system functions as well as concrete
things such as programming language statements, database schemas, and reusable software components. <nume autor eliminat>

<deleted num_page>

<nume capitol eliminat
A use case is a set of scenarios that describing an interaction between a user and a system. A use
case diagram displays the relationship among actors and use cases. The two main components of a use case diagram are use cases and actors.
An actor is represents a user or another system that will interact with the system you are modeling.
A use case is an external view of  the system that represents some action the user might perform in order to complete a task.

<deleted num_page>

<nume capitol eliminat
This example shows the customer as a actor
because the customer is using the ordering
system. The diagram takes the simple steps
listed above and shows them as actions the
customer might perform. The salesperson could also be included in this use case diagram
because the salesperson is also inte
racting with the ordering system.
From this simple diagram  the requiremen
ts of the ordering system can easily be
derived. The system will need to be able to
perform actions for all of the use cases
listed. As the project progresses other us
e cases might appear. The customer might have
a need to add an item to an order that has already been placed. This diagram can easily be
expanded until a complete description of the orde
ring system is  derived capturing all of the
requirements that the system will need to perform.

<deleted num_page>

<nume capitol eliminat
Class diagrams are widely used to describe t
he types of objects in a system and their
relationships. Class diagrams model class st
ructure and contents using design elements such as
classes, packages and objects.

Class diagrams describe three different perspectives when
designing a system, conceptual, specification, and implementation.
These perspectives become
evident as the diagram is created and help solidify the design. This example is only meant as an
introduction to the UML and class diagrams.
If you would like to learn more see the
Resources page for more detailed resources on UML.
Classes are composed of three things: a name, attributes, and operations.

<deleted num_page>

<nume autor eliminat>
<nume capitol eliminat
Nu toate simbolurile care insotesc literele sunt semne diacritice. De exemplu, in multe limbi, punctul din literele minuscule i si j face parte din corpul literei.
Uneori un simbol atasat unei litere se poate considera semn diacritic intr-o limba si parte a literei in alta.Tineretea lui Creanga este bine cunoscuta publicului larg
prin prisma operei sale capitale Amintiri din copilarie. In 1847 incepe scoala de pe langa biserica din satul natal.
Fiu de taran, este pregatit mai intai de dascalul din sat, dupa care mama sa il incredinteaza bunicului matern (<nume autor eliminat>),
David Creanga, care-l duce pe valea Bistritei, la Brosteni, unde continua scoala.[6] In 1853 este inscris la Scoala Domneasca de la Targu Neamt sub numele Stefanescu Ion,
unde il are ca profesor pe parintele Isaia Teodorescu (Popa Duhu). Dupa dorinta mamei, care voia sa-l faca preot, este inscris la Scoala catihetica din Falticeni
(<nume autor eliminat>). Aici apare sub numele de Ion Creanga, nume pe care l-a pastrat tot restul vietii. Dupa desfiintarea scolii din Falticeni, este silit sa plece la Iasi,
absolvind cursul inferior al Seminarului teologic <nume autor eliminat> de la Socola

<deleted num_page>

<nume autor eliminat>
